So one more time, we're gonna take a super
quick look at what we got it, right?
So we've added, if we go back,
we first added a new data file, right?
Make sure you got that.
And then we also added to our main,
the VCS repo configuration, right?
Now, again, I apologize.
I don't have a bunch of resolution at the
moment, so you can't see everything here,
so I'll keep this open for
a second longer.
>> Where in the code did we
define that each.value.vcs repo?
>> Yeah, we're not there yet.
[LAUGH] Yeah, give me a second,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> Tricking me here too.
>> It's okay, it's okay.
Yeah, I'm just trying to make sure
everything is updated on this one.
So cool, we've got data,
right, we've got main.
And then because it was flowed from,
[LAUGH] never mind, I'm just kidding.
But yeah,
we're missing one other thing, right?
We're missing one other thing, which is,
were missing our VCS repo identifier.
What that means is that, yes,
we've told our workspace which
ID the GitHub apps installation is,
but we also just told it that,
hey, we're expecting a new value
from our configuration, right?
Because the repo name might not match
the same name as the workspace,
which in this case, it doesn't.
So after we've added our data and
we've added the VCS, we go back to locals.
Where do you think I go?
>> Workspace.
>> Exactly, and what do you think I add?
Y'all come on [LAUGH].
>> Got that VCS.
>> I gotta turn off copilot, man.
[LAUGH] But yeah,
this is basically what we want, right?
Now, this isn't exactly right because
it's actually terraform-tfe, right?
But the VCS repo identifier
will include the name or
owner of the repository,
as well as the repository itself, right?
So this is the last
little bit that we need.
So again, if I go all the way
to the beginning, data, right?
VCS repo, Right?
Variables, Right?
And then locals, Right, cool, okay.
So now that we've got all that, what's the
first thing we do after we make changes?
>> Validate.
>> Validate, yes.
So we're gonna validate.
We made a whole bunch of changes,
let's validate.
Because as some of our
class members have learned,
Terraform will do as far
as it can before it fails.
So validation is always
super helpful here.
Yeah, or at least it'll help, right?
It might not always save you,
but it can help.
So after we do that, then we're gonna
do a plan, right, TerraForm plan.
And I'm gonna be honest, get comfortable
to going back to commands in shell.
[LAUGH] You're gonna do it a lot,
up, up, up, down, down, down, and
my personal favorite, Ctrl+R.
And then you can actually just type in.
So I'll do plan, and you'll notice that
sometimes it doesn't go to the one I want.
So I just use space,
then it goes to the one I want.
So again, you can do up, up, go the old
up fashion, the old down fashion,
or you can do what's called back search or
back search in shell.
And then you can actually
just do plan space, and
then that should give you your command.
So we hit Enter.
Okay, so let's take a look here.
We've got GitHub app installation ID,
identifier, ingress submodules.
Cool, all that got added.
But there's something else here that we
might not necessarily have that we want.
You won't know what it is, but
it has to do with the execution mode
when we think about it from before.
Right now it's set to local, but
if we connect as the VCS and
it's set to local,
is it gonna run our code?
>> No, [INAUDIBLE] not.
>> It's not, yeah,
it's not, yeah, it's not.
[LAUGH] It's just gonna see the changes,
right?
So when I told you guys in the beginning,
set local to default, that's because it
makes it easy for you to bootstrap
these repos and these things like that.
But once you get an automation,
that value doesn't matter.
We can tell it to do whatever we want.
So there is actually one more
variable we wanna update here, and
it's the execution mode.
We wanna set it to remote,
because now we're gonna
tell Terraform cloud to actually
run in Terraform cloud, right?
So now if I do a plan,
We should see, wait, what?
What's my problem?
>> It's hard-coded.
>> It's hard-coded, yep.
I messed up, right?
Each., there you go.
Thank you copilot.
So again, that's why it's really important
to think about where you're adding stuff,
and make sure that you're
doing it in the right places.
Now we see our execution
mode set to remote, right?
Fantastic, okay, yes.
>> Is this a good pattern to define
static values in locals rather than using
variables with TF VARs and
compute required structure?
>> So I think it's good if you later
on want to override values, right?
A lot of the stuff that I'm
using in variables, again,
I'm using it because my
organization name might change,
my installation ID might change, my GitHub
organization name might change, right?
So those are when I think it's valuable
to create a TF variables file,
put it in that.
But right now, we're only doing this for
this one repo.
Going forward,
we're actually gonna use Terraform code
to configure our workspaces, right?
And again,
we'll get into that in a second, but
this is only really for
the initial bootstrapping.
We solve configuration via
variables in the automation too.
Let's do this one more time.
Again, I'm gonna plan really fast,
make sure my changes are accurate, right?
And then I'm gonna do an apply.